Combine custom names of merged agglomerates & transfer custom name to split-off segments (#7877)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

[Commits](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/compare/24.06.0...HEAD)

### Added

> - Added that proofreading actions no longer drop custom names. A merge action now combines the potenial existing custom names of both segments and a split-action transfers the custom name to the split-off segment. [#7877](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/7877)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added that proofreading merge actions reuse custom names of segments. A merge action now combines the potenial existing custom names of both segments and a split-action copies the custom name to the split-off segment. [#7877](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/7877)
```
